CASSANDRA-17027: Allow to grant permission for all tables in a keyspace (#1263)
apache/cassandra: NEWS.txt

New features
------------
    - A new ALL TABLES IN KEYSPACE resource has been added. It allows to grant permission for all tables and user types

>       in a keyspace while preventing the user to use those permission on the keyspace itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A new ALL TABLES IN KEYSPACE resource has been added. It allows to grant permissions for all tables and user types
      in a keyspace while preventing the user to use those permissions on the keyspace itself.
```
